hi guys so look we have candy from Daria
Oh y'all Barry honey no Barry holic so
there's a toy in here so we open this
first mm-hmm okay so we're going to open
up our kinder egg
I don't can't even say these are illegal
in America oh really
war if you have them you can get a find
what why why because it's dangerous I
guess because people see eat them yeah I
don't know sure I don't know but they're
illegal
so I broke it in half and here's the toy
mmm you stupid it's very good I know
you've had it before I can't how do I
open this toy is good there's like white
chocolate on the inside what's inside Oh
a girl with no legs huh well no hold on
there's a paper ah
it's magic kinder and it has a little
girl here look like this no huh like
this okay so one moment please
okay okay okay okay okay okay you got it
on it what a bean
yeah okay it's a little girl in a flower
and if you pull on it
just close it up you push it on it
should come out you know much uncle it
I don't need toys just just rude okay so
let's move to next thing she sent us two
of them but I think we should only share
one I mean it's good hazelnuts I think
oh I didn't show you the puppies oh no
mr. panda the Kinder Bueno we integrate
all the Royal Spanish yes I think so
maybe it's German boy the hazelnut cream
German the triple a hug
snack consequent yeah nutty cream yeah
that's very good mm-hmm if chocolate
only be too strong yeah and the last
thing is it's way past Christmas but
Christmas is every day yes every day is
Christmas every day isthmus your father
always thing yes mom
you guys year-round even summer winter
he thinks
Oh Oh chuckwei is it pure chocolate I
don't know is it you said it's not heavy
oh hi hope he has something inside
that's why kinder eggs are illegal
because people just eat them like that
he's Hollow it's good
mmm pure chocolate Santa Claus Hut ear
in it it's really good though it's not
too sweet
hmm so thank you you hear me
Santa cross had ear in it
bye